Sub: Unauthorised Broadcasts of Audio-visual Footage from the Indian  
Super League 2023-24

1. I am an agent authorised to act on behalf of the owner of
intellectual property rights. The intellectual property rights include
the copyright in and the rights to broadcast live the Indian Super
League 2023-24 (“ISL”) organised under the auspices of the Football
Sports Development Limited ("FSDL"). These rights include, without
limitation, TV Live Broadcast Rights and TV Highlights Rights, Mobile
Rights and Internet Rights for Live, Deferred, Delayed broadcasts and
Highlights for all matches of ISL (“Matches”) on television and on the
Internet (“Exclusive Rights”). These Exclusive Rights originate with
FSDL, and FSDL and its authorised licensees are entitled to enforce
these rights.

2. Proprietary audio-visual footage and production content relating to
the Matches (the “Copyrighted Content”) will be transmitted with
license and authorisation on various platforms from India by FSDL’s
official broadcast partner and authorised licensees.

3. The Copyrighted Content has been identified and is accessible, as
of the date of this notice, at the following URLs:

https://rzn076.github.io/blog/mpds.html?get=aHR0cHM6Ly9wcm9kLXNwb3J0cy1ub3J0aC1nbS5qaW9jaW5lbWEuY29tL2Jway10di9TcG9ydHMxOF9LaGVsX3Zvb3RfTU9CL0ZhbGxiYWNrL2luZGV4Lm0zdTg=

4. The Copyrighted Content is hosted, without licence, on the
following IP address: [private]

5. Please immediately disable access to the streams and URLs listed
above and suspend them from your servers to prevent continued
violation of the Exclusive Rights referred to above.

6. Please also take appropriate action against the account holder for
repeat infringements under your Abuse Policy/Terms of Service
Agreement.

7. I have a good faith belief that the use of the Copyrighted Content
as described above is not authorised by the copyright owner, its
agent, or the law.

8. I understand that this notice may lead to the termination of the
user account and URLs associated with the infringements detailed
above.

9. Your immediate acknowledgement and action is solicited with respect
to this notice.

10. I may be contacted via e-mail at [private], via
fax on [private], or at [private],[private], [private] in relation to
this notice.

11. I swear, under the penalty of perjury, that the information in
this notice is accurate and that I am authorised to act on behalf of
the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

FSDL reserves all its rights in this matter.

// [private] //

[private], [private]  
Designation: [private]  
Authorised agent for: [private]
