Note: Because the parent repository was actively being forked when this DMCA takedown notice was received, and the submitter had identified all known forks at the time they submitted the takedown notice, GitHub processed the takedown notice against the entire network of 39 repositories, inclusive of the parent repository.

---

**Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright
owner's behalf?**

Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety
requested you make changes to your original notice?**

No

**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**

GitHub

**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization
to act on the owner's behalf.**

I am [private] by the copyright owner as a [private].

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work
that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it
is posted online.**

All maps and code contained in a proprietary [private] repo that was stolen
and leaked online. [private]  

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or
if the entire repository, the repositoryÂ’s URL.**

The entire repository at https://github.com/timing1337/Mineplex and all
existing forks.

**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control
access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a
href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints
about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**

No

**<a
href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have
you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or
repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified
separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken
down.**

Yes, I have searched for forks of the infringing repository. I have
determined that all existing forks, both private and public, of this
repository are also infringing upon our copyrighted content, including but
not limited to:  
https://github.com/CosmicStar98/Mineplex  
https://github.com/RepositorySaving/Mineplex  
https://github.com/BigForks/Mineplex  
https://github.com/BJTMastermind/Mineplex-Source  
https://github.com/bUniversed/Mineplex  
https://github.com/Creeper76/Mineplex-Source-Code  
https://github.com/Ghost-chu/Mineplex  
https://github.com/Giorgis20/Mineplex  
https://github.com/JustOneMoreBlock/Mineplex   
https://github.com/kairu8264/Mineplex  
https://github.com/KarStudio/Mineplex  
https://github.com/Lachrymogenic/Mineplex  
https://github.com/MathiasClari/Mineplex  
https://github.com/Memory-Fabricators/plex-recrafted  
https://github.com/MLChinoo/Mineplex  
https://github.com/narashini/Mineplex  
https://github.com/NctimeAza/Mineplex  
https://github.com/nostalfinals/Mineplex  
https://github.com/oRIOnTx/Mineplex  
https://github.com/PabloB07/Mineplex  
https://github.com/Snoowy/Mineplex2.0  
[invalid]    
https://github.com/UntouchedOdin0/Mineplex  

These forks also infringe upon our copyright due to being comprised
entirely of our copyrighted software and files, bearing no or minimal
changes from the original infringing GitHub repository posted by
[private]. Because the original repository represents a complete copy of
our stolen work, any duplicate, or fork, of that original repository is
also therefore infringing upon our copyright.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**

No

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**

Reported content must be removed

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please
provide it.**

Github user timing1337

**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials
described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the
copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**

**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair
use</a> into consideration.**

**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.**

**I have read and understand GitHub's <a
href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide
to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone
number or physical address.**

[private]

[private], [private], [private], [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**

[private]
