I, [private], have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a
DMCA Notice.

1. Identification of the Copyrighted Work

The copyrighted work in question is the online game "War Thunder," developed
and owned by Gaijin Games Kft. War Thunder is a free-to-play, multiplayer
game featuring historically accurate military vehicles from various periods,
incorporating advanced gameplay mechanics and audiovisual presentations. The
game's official website is https://warthunder.com. Our copyright extends to
the game's source code, vehicle models, user interface, graphical designs,
sound effects, and music.

2. Identification of the Infringing Material

The infringing material is located in its entirety at the following GitHub
repository URL: https://github.com/monkrel/WarHook. This repository hosts
cheat software which directly interacts with and alters the gameplay of War
Thunder, creating unauthorized derivative works and infringing upon our
copyrights. The content of this entire repository is infringing as it is
dedicated to the distribution of this cheat software.

3. Required Action to Remedy the Infringement

The only remedy for this infringement is the complete removal of the
repository at https://github.com/monkrel/WarHook. This action is necessary as
the repository's sole purpose is the distribution of cheat software, which
violates our copyrights for War Thunder.

4. Contact Information

Name: [private]  
Telephone: [private]  
Address: [private]  
Email: [private]  

5. Alleged Infringer's Contact Information

The GitHub user responsible for the infringing content is "monkrel," and
their profile can be found at https://github.com/monkrel. This user is
involved in game hacking activities, as indicated on their profile.

6. Good Faith Belief and Fair Use Consideration

I have a good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted materials
described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the
copyright owner, its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into
consideration.

7. Accuracy of Information and Penalty of Perjury

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification
is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on
behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Signature: [private]  

